reality is a modality that will be shown only once
studio Blade (of which nothing is known)
it doesn't drop much graphics
we will observe sudden changes from one image to another
keep the viewer quite awake
she actually lets herself be watched, even if she has a very superficial plot
I watched both cause I lost a bet
without any semblance of cognitive deviation
If you still want to sustain 0.1% (at least) of your mindset, STOP !! ENOUGH !!
Nobody I know understands the story now.
I felt that this stagnation started
If it somehow inspires or encourages, I’m not liable for it.
it was a surprise when this film didn’t place as much groceries on the table.
such an entailment would be a bit too ambitious to entail
trash animation that looks like it got copy-pasted from Mario.
Story is terrible let's write that down
so its unrealistic at all.
and now that hes trying, he doesnt think its trash anymore.
After the biggest letdown movies nr. 10 and 11 - EVER -
I couldn't even eat my popcorn properly
there were some parts where absolutely no background music was playing
she has been degraded to a little crybaby
Serialized story is lagging,
adds all the new elements to it shows us in really well around way to be worthy being a great movie
It is best if you do not take this show seriously at all.
First of all I want to touch the change of study that is not at all minor, since under no point is it from the Anime that it is.
I knew that it was very difficult for its current owner to overcome MadHouse
little by little the shortcomings in the direction of the anime were noticed,
they were able not only to focus on a dense and "dark" plot (if it can be called that)
The anime has a super normal footprint that any other anime could have
I mean, in the middle of 2020, having a weak animation and horrendous like that is better to work as a thumb design or something below.
Anyway. It is not an innovative anime, nor is it nice to see, but it will leave a smile on your face, I guarantee that, so I recommend it.
Anyway, a simple change has elevated anime to heights, it's sad.
The anime's evaluation is too absurd for it, but who am I to change that... It's a matter of being smart and evaluating something better
whatever it is and its perfection, it will be desecrated by a simple argument useless: "I did not like this work, DO NOT WATCH!"
Take into account emotions and not comparisons, anime is to brighten your day and not to be a REVIEW WORK!
HOWEVER, we must not forget that this is just a work of fiction.
Changing the subject... The art of anime has nothing to complain about
nothing new in its history.
simple, differentiated and (perhaps) unique.
The boy who is bullied by a GIRL and does nothing, does not even retort. Courage = 0.
Use this to reflect on your actions, if you identify with any of the characters.
the kids will be nightmares with you.
which takes the pleasure to the extreme
maybe I'm not very emotional
I believe it is the bridge that leads to tears, literally!